docs: changes to more pages (#42)
lnbits/events: README.md

<a href="https://lnbits.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://i.imgur.com/QE6SIrs.png">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/fyKPgVT.png" alt="LNbits" style="width:280px">
  </picture>
</a>

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-success?logo=open-source-initiative&logoColor=white)](./LICENSE)
[![Built for LNbits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20for-LNbits-4D4DFF?logo=lightning&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/lnbits/lnbits)

# Events - <small>[LNbits](https://github.com/lnbits/lnbits) extension</small>

<small>For more about LNBits extension check [this tutorial](https://github.com/lnbits/lnbits/wiki/LNbits-Extensions)</small>

> ## Sell tickets for events and use the built-in scanner for registering attendants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sell tickets for events and use the built-in scanner for registering attendees
```
revert, attendees is correct

> Events alows you to make tickets for an event. Each ticket is in the form of a uniqque QR code. After registering, and paying for ticket, the user gets a QR code to present at registration/entrance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events allows you to create tickets for an event. Each ticket is in the form of a unique QR code. After registering and paying, the user gets a QR code to present at registration/entrance.
```
